# Shakespeare-Insult-Generator

The purpose of this assignment is to give you some practice with references, member functions, vectors, strings, text file I/O and the construction of a C++ class. You may have written this assignment in another course but this should be different enough - having to do it in C++ in a more object oriented way - to still prove interesting!

You will need to complete a program that will generate and save between 1 and 10,000 "Shakespearian" insults. You complete the program by writing two source code files - a header file "insultgenerator_netid.h" and the implementation file "insultgenerator_netid.cpp". Replace the "netid" part of the filename with your netid. In these files you define and implement three classes, the exception classes: "FileException" and "NumInsultsOutOfBounds" and the generator class "InsultGenerator". The public member functions of the InsultGenerator class are tested in this supplied source code file: TestInsutGenerator.cpp. Examine the code and comments in this program carefully so you can see how your object must behave. The only part of the program that you will need to change is the #include statement, replacing "netid" with your netid. Note that all insults in a list must be unique (no duplicates) and in alphabetical order. The test program tests all public member functions - everything else in the class must be private.

You will also note that the length of time to generate 10,000 insults is measured and reported. You should give some thought to creating an efficient algorithm to generate such a large number of insults.

An insult is generated by putting in three words or hyphenated phrases inbetween "Thou " and "!". The three words are picked at random, one from each column of words that are supplied in the tab-delimited file InsultsSource.txt. Here are the first few lines from the file:

```swift
artless		base-court	apple-john
bawdy		bat-fowling	baggage
beslubbering	beef-witted	barnacle
```

For example, using the first, second and third words from each column in turn, you would generate the insult:

Thou artless bat-fowling barnacle!
(This sounds nasty, even if I don't know exactly what it means!)

With 50 words in each column, you could generate a maximum of 50*50*50 or 125,000 unique insults - more than enough for anyone! Your program should be able to generate up to 10,000 unique insults with ease. So, the legal range for the number of insults to generate is between 1 and 10,000 inclusive.

Whenever you display or save insults to a file they must be in alphabetical order.

Use the const keyword wherever possible.
